Typescript example (#8)
ForAllSecure/mapi-examples: plugins/README.md

A plugin that injects an authorization header retreived from an
OAuth OpenID Connect access token endpoint, implemented in Rust.
This example implements the rewrite plugin adding an `Authorization` header to every request.

### [typescript-rewrite-plugin](typescript-rewrite-plugin)

This example shows how to use typescript as a plugin.

### Response Classify Plugin Examples

> [Response Classify plugins](https://app.mayhem.security/docs/api-testing/guides/classify-plugin/) allow you to classify reponses recieved from the server with customer headers, status codes, or other data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Response Classify plugins](https://app.mayhem.security/docs/api-testing/guides/classify-plugin/) allow you to classify responses received from the server with customer headers, status codes, or other data.
```

### [python-classify-plugin](python-classify-plugin)

> This example implements the classify plugin by parsing the body for grpc-statuses and using them to create HTTP reponses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example implements the classify plugin by parsing the body for grpc-statuses and using them to create HTTP responses.
```
